# First Lego League - FLL Virtual Coach

## Project Purpose
This project is intended to provide ROOKIE & NOVICE First Lego League teams with a set of interactive tools that they can use to kickstart their FLL team. These tools leverage modern Generative AI platforms (Open AI ChatGPT, Microsoft Copilot, Google Gemini, & Anthropic Claude) to help new teams find inspiration and demohstrate how to put together the components that are assessed by FLL judges.  If you're a mature FLL team with competition experience, this project is not going to teach you anything that you don't already know.

## A Helping Hand
Only 1/4th of a FLL team's performance is based on their performance "at the table" (actually competing with their robot).  3/4ths of an FLL team's score is based on judge-assessed scores against the FLL scoring rubric for Innovation Project, Robot presentation, and Core Values.  Rather than "learning at the competition", this project provides guidance that a rookie or novice team can follow to achieve success on the judged portions of the competition (as they have more than enough tasks to worry about getting started with the competition).  This project will provide a resource that can help teams know "what to do" so they can focus on doing it!

## Wait, isn't This "Cheating"?
This isn't cheating because the prompts provide templates and tools to enhance the team's ideas and efforts. While a team could COPY these outputs in their entirety, the outputs themselves are not sufficient to compete in the competition.  Teams will have to actually "show their work" when presenting to the judges and no amount of coaching can substitute for the hard work of the teams.  These prompts provide guidance and inspiration but do not provide substantive assistance (i.e. primary research, making phone calls, testing and iteration). Having seen FLL  coaches/mentors provide significant labour/skill/resources to give their teams significant advantages, these tools level the playing field for new teams.
